releases, toc: add 4.0.0-beta.2 Release Notes (#2003)
pingcap/docs: releases/4.0.0-beta.2.md

---

> title: TiDB 4.0.0-beta.2 Release Notes

Author: ```suggestion
title: TiDB 4.0.0 Beta.2 Release Notes
```

category: Releases
---

> # TiDB 4.0.0-Beta.2 Release Notes

Author: ```suggestion
# TiDB 4.0.0 Beta.2 Release Notes
```

Release date: March 13, 2020

TiDB version: 4.0.0-beta.2

TiDB Ansible version: 4.0.0-beta.2

## TiDB 4.0.0-beta.2 Compatibility Changes

+ Tools
    - TiDB Binlog
        - Fix the issue that the system returns an error and exits when `disable-dispatch` and `disable-causality` are configured in Drainer [#915](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/pull/915)

## New Features

+ TiKV
    - Support persisting the dynamically updated configuration into the hardware disk [#6684](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6684)

+ PD

>     - Support persisting the configuration of dynamic updates into hard drives [#2153](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2153)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Support persisting the dynamically updated configuration into the hardware disk [#2153](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2153)
```

+ Tools
    - TiDB Binlog
        - Support the bidirectional data replication between TiDB clusters [#879](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/pull/879) [#903](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/pull/903)
    - TiDB Lightning
        - Support the TLS configuration [#40](https://github.com/tikv/importer/pull/40) [#270](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/270)
    - TiCDC
        - Initial release of the change data capture (CDC), providing the following features:
            - Support capturing changed data from TiKV
            - Support replicating the changed data to MySQL protocol-compatible database, with an eventual consistency guarantee

>             - Support replicating the changed data to Kafka, with either an eventual consistency guarantee or row-level order guarantee

Reviewer: Please check with PM whether `an eventual consistency guarantee` and `row-level order guarantee` has the `either...or` relationship.

>             - Support replicating the changed data to Kafka, and guarantee the eventual data consistency and the row-level orderliness

Author: ```suggestion
            - Support replicating the changed data to Kafka, and guarantee either the eventual data consistency or the row-level orderliness
```
@TomShawn Confirmed with an R&D colleague. It should be an “either/or" relationship.

---
title: TiDB 4.0.0-beta.2 Release Notes
category: Releases
---

# TiDB 4.0.0-Beta.2 Release Notes

Release date: March 13, 2020

TiDB version: 4.0.0-beta.2

TiDB Ansible version: 4.0.0-beta.2

## TiDB 4.0.0-beta.2 Compatibility Changes

+ Tools
    - TiDB Binlog
        - Fix the issue that the system returns an error and exits when `disable-dispatch` and `disable-causality` are configured in Drainer [#915](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-binlog/pull/915)

> ## New features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New Features
```

    - TiDB Lightning
        - Support configuring Transport Layer Security (TLS) [#40](https://github.com/tikv/importer/pull/40) [#270](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/270)
    - TiCDC
        - Initial release of the change data capture, providing the following features
            - Support capturing change data from TiKV since v4.0.0-beta.2
            - Support replicating change data to MySQL protocol-compatible database, with an eventual consistency guarantee
            - Support replicating change data to Kafka, with either an eventual consistency guarantee or row-level order guarantee
            - Provide process-level high availability
    - BR
        - Turn on experimental features such as incremental backup and saving backup files [#175](https://github.com/pingcap/br/pull/175)

+ TiDB Ansible
    - Support injecting the information of related nodes to etcd [#1196](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-ansible/pull/1196)
    - Support deployingTiDB clusters on ARM [#1204](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-ansible/pull/1204)

## Bugfixes

+ TiDB

+ TiKV

>     - Fix the panic issue caused by empty short values during backup [#6718](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6718)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the panic issue that might occur when meeting empty short values during the backup [#6718](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6718)
```

>     - Fix the issue that Hibernate Regions might not be woken up correctly [#6772](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6672) [#6648](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6648) [#6376](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6736)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that Hibernate Regions might not be correctly awakened in some cases [#6772](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6672) [#6648](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6648) [#6376](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/6736)
```

+ PD

>     - Fix the panic issue that the rule checker fails to allocate Store to Region [#2160](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2160)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the panic issue that the rule checker fails to allocate stores to Regions [#2160](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2160)
```

>     - Fix the issue that after the dynamic configuration is enabled, the configuration might have replication delay when the Leader is switched [#2154](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2154)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that after the dynamic configuration is enabled, the configuration might have replication delay when the Leader is being switched [#2154](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/pull/2154)
```

+ Tools
    - BR

>         - Fix the issue that PD might fail to restore data because it cannot process large batches of data [#167](https://github.com/pingcap/br/pull/167)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that BR might fail to restore data of a large size because PD cannot process large-sized data [#167](https://github.com/pingcap/br/pull/167)
```

>         - Fix the issue caused by upgrading TiDB when the BR version is not compatible with the TiDB version [#186]( https://github.com/pingcap/br/pull/186)

Reviewer: I have checked with the PR author @overvenus that this is the correct meaning.
```suggestion
        - Fix the BR failure occurred because the BR version is not compatible with the TiDB version [#186](https://github.com/pingcap/br/pull/186)
```
